Full name:  Harsh Verma
SEAS login: hverma

Which features did you implement? 
  Entire assignment

Did you complete any extra-credit tasks? If so, which ones?
  I completed the Extra credit for HTTPS support

Any special instructions for building and running your solution?
 Following steps can taken before running the HTTPs server
  1.1.A pre-generated .jks file(hw1_ssl.jks) will be in resource folder of the submission zip, which can be used while running the HTTPs server. 
  1.2.While running the project or building the webserver.jar, update the absolute path to this .jks file in HttpSslServer.java at line number 31
 
  In case hw1_ssl.jks file needs to be generated again, following steps can be taken. 
  1. Run the command: keytool -genkey -keyalg RSA -alias hw1 -keystore hw1_ssl.jks -validity 360 -keysize 2048
  2. Enter the keystore password as "abcd1234", re-enter the same password.
  3. Give First Name & Last Name as www.cis455.com(or any dummy domain name).
  4. Give the organizational unit as cis455 and name of organization as Upenn
  5. Give the name of city as Philadelphia, name of state as PA, two letter country code as US
  6. Confirm the information by entering "yes" in the next question.
  7. Press enter again to use the same keystore password as the key for the alias <hw1> as well.
  8. hw1_ssl.jks will be generated in the folder where this command is run, we can copy the file to the HW1's resource folder and update it's 
     absolute path as shown above in the step 1.2
  
  
  To convert the HTTP server to HTTPs server
  1. Go to the file ApplicationConstants.java in edu.upenn.cis455.webserver
  2. Change the boolean variable useHTTPs at line 14 to true
  3. Run/Build the Project
  
  Steps to change the HTTPs server back to HTTP server
  1. Go to the file ApplicationConstants.java in edu.upenn.cis455.webserver
  2. Change the boolean variable useHTTPs at line 14 to false
  3. Run/Build the Project
  
Did you personally write _all_ the code you are submitting
(other than code from the course web page)?
  Yes

Did you copy any code from the Internet, or from classmates?
  No

Did you collaborate with anyone on this assignment?
  No
